Update README.md (#202)
src-d/engine: README.md

# You can also provide a path
srcd init /home/user/replace/path/
```

> **Note:** Ensure that you initialize the source{d} engine everytime you want to process a new repository. Because source{d} engine does not automatically detect the changes in the `init` folder.

Reviewer: It feels a bit awkward to have too many "source{d} Engine" close together. I propose:
```suggestion
**Note:** Ensure that you initialize source{d} Engine every time you want to process a new repository. Changes in the `init` working directory are not detected automatically.
```
